Update record link and add migration guide for breaking changes (#24506)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/terraform/tutorial/index.mdx

Before you begin, [install Terraform](/terraform/installing/). Each tutorial builds on the previous, so you should complete the tutorials in the order shown below.

> > **Note**: If you're upgrading from v4, review the [migration guide](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare/blob/main/docs/guides/version-5-upgrade.md) for breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note 
If you are upgrading from v4, review the [migration guide](https://github.com/cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare/blob/main/docs/guides/version-5-upgrade.md) for breaking changes.
:::
```
